### Euchre engine and visualisation <h3>
For my final project I want to create a game engine for the trick taking card game Eucher as well as implement a UI to play the game against a computer. Eucher is a old trick takign card game usign a slimmed down deck of playing cards_, where rounds are played and within rounds tricks are taken, round winners are determined by the number of tricks taken by a team, and points are determined by who won the round. More can be read about the rules here https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Euchre


Eucher is a fairly complicated card game, they game has many phases of play it needs to pass through in order, as well as a tricky scoring system and challenging to grasp rules about which cards_ can be played and which cards_ can win tricks. I think that implementing the rules engine and the and game engine will take probably the first two weeks. First I plan on outlining the game engine, interface class, and how I want to store data such as cards_ and players. I think i struggled in the api adventures project on object decompisition for the game, and I want a chance to try that again and work on keeping them separate and independent.

After the game engine is made I can start working on the graphics nad the ui. I would like to be able to display cards_ to for the players hand, show the cards_ that have been played in a given trick, update the score, store important information like which suit_ is trump as well as who is the dealer. this will probably take up the last week. Should i finish early I would want to add more to  either the computer players strategies, or include more toggleable information like what cards_ have been played, who threw off on what suit_, to simulate what playing the game with a perfect memory would be like.